Add a note about jmx remote connections (#96)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/jmx-metrics.adoc

.Connecting JConsole to the Neo4j Java process
image::jconsole_connect1.png[alt="Connecting with JConsole", width=300]

> Please note: when you are connecting to a remote process or, in some cases, local that is running as a service please choose a `Remote Process` connection option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
When connecting to a remote process or, in some cases, a local process running as a service, you must choose the `Remote Process` connection option.

The `<port>` value is configured by the `com.sun.management.jmxremote.port` property.
====
```

> <port> is value that is configured by `com.sun.management.jmxremote.port` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
